Reproducibility repository for paper on additive SSP LMMs.
=======================================================================

Code to reproduce numerical tests from "Strong stability preserving additive linear multistep methods".

To run these scripts, you should have at least ```MATLAB``` R2016a.
Below is a short description of the files, for more info check each file separately.

__Description of files:__

- **ssp_lmm.m**: Computes the coefficients and SSP coefficients of optimal explicit or implicit SSP
LMMs with or without downwind for a given ratio of forward Euler (FE) step sizes.

- **ssp_imex.m**: Computes the coefficients and SSP coefficients of optimal explicit or implicit
SSP IMEX LMMs for a given ratio of forward Euler step sizes.

- **plot_ssp_coeff.m**: Plots the SSP coefficients of a perturbed SSP LMMs w.r.t. the ratio of FE
step sizes.

- **plot_imex_ssp_region.m**: Plots the SSP region of SSP IMEX LMMs.

- **check_order.m**: Checks the order of accuracy of a given explicit/implicit perturbed LMM or
IMEX LMM.

- **check_SSP_coeff.m**: Verifies that the optimization solvers (*linprog* or *fmincon*) give
accurate results for SSP LMMs that satisfy: (a) the monotone decreasing behavior of the SSP
coefficient, and (b) the desired order of accuracy up to a given tolerance.

Subdirectories:

- **figures**: Contains the figures generated by *plot_ssp_coeff.m* and *plot_imex_ssp_region.m*.

The above scripts can be used to reproduce all figures from the paper.

For example, to reproduce Figure 1, in an ```MATLAB``` command window run:

    C = plot_ssp_coeff(k,p,method,solver)

and to reproduce Figure 2, run:

    [C,hatC] = plot_imex_ssp_region(3,2);
    [C,hatC] = plot_imex_ssp_region(6,4);

By default, all figures are stored in the subdirectory ```figures/```.
To generate the methods listed in the appendix of the paper, run:

    [alpha,beta,tildebeta,C,tildeC] = ssp_lmm(2,2,'ex','dw',4)
    [alpha,beta,tildebeta,C,tildeC] = ssp_lmm(2,2,'ex','dw',25/32)

By default the optimization solver used is *linprog* with the *active-set* algorithm.
